# Melt

Created: June 6, 2017 8:14 PM
Updated: July 1, 2017 3:26 AM

The large ice sphere chilling his drink had fully melted. Watering down the whisky to a weak potency, yet stronger than the opinion he’d developed of himself. Though still, an amber glow emanated from the glass that was hypnotizing. As is an open fire, urging vision to become remarkably vignetted and presence of mind lucid. Condensing water droplets pelleted his firm hands that wrapped around the glass. It was noticing the change in temperature that awoke him from daydreaming. Reminding him that just like last week, he sat alone in the two-person corner booth.

There wasn’t a note worthy thing about this neighborhood Bistro he frequented. It scraped by on the sole patronage on a dozen or so regulars like himself; too lazy to brew their own coffee in the morning and pour their own spirits at night. The owner lived in an apartment directly above that his mother owned and always would shutdown between 1:00pm and 5:00pm to nap. If anyone arrived for dinner and the place was still locked up, it became their responsibility to batter the upstairs door until he woke. Rarely were they successful. He preferred Irish coffees throughout the morning and the Mother was deaf.

Soot had gradually thickened the seams that bonded colored panels on the door on which the handle hung limp. Did any newcomer find themselves opening the establishment's stained glass front-door, those peoples whose bottoms had molded the worn wooden seats judged them. For even the owner skeptically wondered, “what misfortune led them here?”.

These regular weren’t folks who were friendly with the owner, or others like them. They were people who could walk in, sit down, be brought their usual order, eat it, drink it, sit, sit, sit, leave enough cash on the table so to include a lame tip, stand up, and walk out without uttering a single word.