# CATEGORY

Company Name:8baseCompany url, if any:https://www.8base.comIf you have a demo, what’s the url? For non-software, demo can be a video:(Please don’t password protect it; Just use an obscure url.)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVQSN4Lu4ogDescribe your company in 50 characters on less.Everything, except a frontend, in one API endpoint.What is your company going to make?We’ve made an incredibly powerful Backend-as-a-Service that’s reduces the complexity in building go-to-market applications – like SaaS products – to a single API endpoint.50-80% of the code developers write doesn’t directly support business-specific use cases; it goes into non-unique systems and infrastructure management. 8base abstracts that 80% into an API-first developer acceleration platform with powerful development tools and integrations that support go-to-market applications.Where do you live now, and where would the company be based after YC?(List as City A, Country A / City B, Country B.)I live in Miami, USA. The company is currently headquartered in Miami and has an engineering office in Saint Petersburg, Russia. We are open to relocation to the San Francisco Bay Area after YC.Email address of the founder who is filling out this application:albert@8base.comPhone number(s):786-200-0840: Which category best applies to your company?Developer ToolsHow far along are you?Our product is in production with six-figure revenues and customers that range from freelance developers to IBM and NATO.We went into general availability during July 2019. At that time, we enabled our paywall, began light marketing and started onboarding developer-users. IBM discovered 8base during our beta, and signed as a paying customer in April 2019. Since that time, a team of 10 IBM developers has been building a product for NATO using 8base.During 2019, we've sold $876,000 of application development services to six customers. These engagements largely consist of startups with seed capital and a non-technical founder. Each project gets built on 8base and delivers recurring revenue from ongoing platform usage. Profits from these projects help to fund the company’s continued investment in product development.How long have each of you been working on this? How much of that has been full-time? Please explain.I started working on 8base full-time in February 2017, incorporated the following month and began bringing on full-time team members in June of that year. The engineering team started work on our product in August 2017.Are people using your product?Yes.How many active users or customers do you have? If you have some particularly valuable customers, who are they? If you're building hardware, how many units have you shipped?IBM, NATO, and multiple startups are customers, along with 1,700 developer users.Approximately 200 developers are weekly active users; 24 are building companies that we know of. The IBM contract is with IBM worldwide, and we will begin marketing further into that channel in Q4 2019, once NATO goes live.Do you have revenue?Yes.What was your revenue in the last full calendar month?(Please use USD. If none, enter '0')40,840.22Your revenue 2 months ago?48,309.74Your revenue 3 months ago?58,302.46Your revenue 4 months ago?33,300.00Your revenue 5 months ago?28,300.00Your revenue 6 months ago?33,700.00Anything else you would like us to know regarding your revenue or growth rate?We’ll realize $85,000 in overall cash revenue this September, of which ~$5,000 is recurring.We expect recurring revenue to begin ramping up now that the product is mature and our marketing efforts initiated. We began earning recurring revenue after enabling the paywall in July 2019. Currently, ~$80,000 in monthly one-time revenue is contracted through February 2020.If you’ve applied previously with the same idea, how much progress have you made since the last time you applied? Anything change?We’ve launched the platform, raised ~$2 million in additional capital, acquired 47 paying-customers, and earned ~$1 million in revenue since last applying in September 2017.A few things have changed in our focus.:We've shifted our focus away from citizen developers (business people) and towards professional developers.We're now focused on enabling full-scale software products as opposed to shadow-IT apps.We've put aside building frontend/UI tools and instead launched a powerful and highly differentiated backend API.If you have participated or committed to participating in an incubator, “accelerator” or “pre-accelerator” program, please tell us about it.No.