# EQUITY

Company Name:8baseCompany url, if any:https://www.8base.comIf you have a demo, what’s the url? For non-software, demo can be a video:(Please don’t password protect it; Just use an obscure url.)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVQSN4Lu4ogDescribe your company in 50 characters on less.Everything, except a frontend, in one API endpoint.What is your company going to make?We’ve made an incredibly powerful Backend-as-a-Service that’s reduces the complexity in building go-to-market applications – like SaaS products – to a single API endpoint.50-80% of the code developers write doesn’t directly support business-specific use cases; it goes into non-unique systems and infrastructure management. 8base abstracts that 80% into an API-first developer acceleration platform with powerful development tools and integrations that support go-to-market applications.Where do you live now, and where would the company be based after YC?(List as City A, Country A / City B, Country B.)I live in Miami, USA. The company is currently headquartered in Miami and has an engineering office in Saint Petersburg, Russia. We are open to relocation to the San Francisco Bay Area after YC.Email address of the founder who is filling out this application:albert@8base.comPhone number(s):786-200-0840: Have you incorporated, or formed any legal entity (like an LLC) yet?Yes.What kind of entity and in what state or country was the entity formed?(e.g. Delaware C Corp)Delaware C CorpPlease describe the breakdown of the equity ownership in percentages among the founders, employees and any other stockholders. If there are multiple founders, be sure to give the equity ownership of each founder.Albert Santalo (Founder)Founding EmployeesOther StockholdersInvestorsHave you taken any investment yet?Yes.List any investments your company has received. Include the name of the investor, the amount invested, the premoney valuation / valuation cap, and the type of security sold (convertible notes, safes or stock).All investment was done using a SAFE with a $10 million valuation cap and a 20% discount. Specific investors include:How much money do you spend per month?At present, we are burning (net) about $50,000 per month.How much money does your company have in the bank now?$482,440.24How long is your runway?7-8 months without additional sales.If you have not formed the company yet, describe the planned equity ownership breakdown among the founders, employees and any other proposed stockholders. If there are multiple founders, be sure to give the proposed equity ownership of each founder.(This question is as much for you as us.)N/A.Please provide any other relevant information about the structure or formation of the company.All team members, including our offshore team, have either restricted stock or stock options subject to a 4-year vesting schedule.