# LEGAL

Company Name:8baseCompany url, if any:https://www.8base.comIf you have a demo, what’s the url? For non-software, demo can be a video:(Please don’t password protect it; Just use an obscure url.)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVQSN4Lu4ogDescribe your company in 50 characters on less.Everything, except a frontend, in one API endpoint.What is your company going to make?We’ve made an incredibly powerful Backend-as-a-Service that’s reduces the complexity in building go-to-market applications – like SaaS products – to a single API endpoint.50-80% of the code developers write doesn’t directly support business-specific use cases; it goes into non-unique systems and infrastructure management. 8base abstracts that 80% into an API-first developer acceleration platform with powerful development tools and integrations that support go-to-market applications.Where do you live now, and where would the company be based after YC?(List as City A, Country A / City B, Country B.)I live in Miami, USA. The company is currently headquartered in Miami and has an engineering office in Saint Petersburg, Russia. We are open to relocation to the San Francisco Bay Area after YC.Email address of the founder who is filling out this application:albert@8base.comPhone number(s):786-200-0840: Are any of the founders covered by noncompetes or intellectual property agreements that overlap with your project? If so, please explain.No.Who writes code, or does other technical work on your product? Was any of it done by a non-founder? Please explain.Our engineering team writes all the code that's unique to 8base and is led by Evgeny Semushin, our technology leader, who works out of our Miami office.I am personally responsible for product design and direction and am deeply involved in our product efforts. Our team is made up of 11 engineers and four others in product related roles.Is there anything else we should know about your company?(Pending lawsuits, cofounders who have left, etc.)No.