# 860 NE 78th Street

[Letter to FCC](Letter%20to%20FCC%20ccff78a584ad4b5585de37de78762c91.md)

## Contractors issues 08/13/2022

I was under the impression that you were our GC, however after looking up our permits on public record it’s come to my attention that Vernon Lloyd Williams is the licensed general contractor (CGC1505212)

Javier Navarro doesn’t have his General Contracting license is “Eligible for Exam” and is not a GC, he’s the Financial officer of the company

([MyFloridaLicense.com](http://myfloridalicense.com/))

(A) How would you not have considered your power requirements for power tools? Also, swing stages were never used, which is why the first change order was for scaffolding. Why would you need to install temporary power for swing stages when there were no swing stages?

(B) If the railings were to be saved, why is there a change order charge for reinforcing the slab edge that is being restored? If you had the original budget for removing the first 4 inches and saving the railings, why is there a charge for reinforcing the slab edge in the section of the slab that’s being restored?

(C) If unit owners had illegally installed screen enclosures on their balconies, this cost should be charged directly to those unit owners.

(D) Likewise, on un-permitted according to tracks, unit owners (myself included) should bear the cost associated with removal per unit basis.

(E) On capping off balcony lights, where is the contract and cost estimate from the other contractor that Slab procured for completing this work?

(F) If the window sill AND threshold repairs were in the original bid (Bid Sheet Item 8 & 9), why are there change order charges for window removal and temporary wall installation.

(G) The cost of temporary walls inside units 205, 305, 405, and 504 is exorbitant. If you originally budgeted to do the window sill repair, you had to contemplate taking the windows out and securing the opening.

(H) Again, there is a change order for reinstalling the windows with new bucks and fasteners, which should have been contemplated in the window sill bid.

(I) There’s an inconsistency between the AIA Draw form (says all change orders have been approved) and the change order log (says roughly half have been approved).

From what I can determine, it seems that we’re not deviating from the original bid, though FCC is creating a pattern of abusive change orders.

Liquidated damages clause in the contract of $50/day since December 22, 2021 totaling roughly $11,700~

1. How did these get approved?
2. None of the work wasn’t considered in the original bid (you were either incompetent when you bid the job or accepted a contract blindly that you can’t fulfill).
3. When we’re finding things that weren’t contemplated/included in the original contract (like worse damage than predicted or doing more than specified quantity), then let’s lay them out clearly, and we’ll act upon them.

Who is inspecting and certifying the work on behalf of the association? Is it the architect or engineer of record?