# Buds 60th Birthday Toast

Created: December 19, 2019 9:25 PM
Original Publish Date: September 23, 2018
Tags: Memory

It proved to be much more difficult than I ever imagined to really hone in on something meaningful to say about Bud's 60th birthday, not to mention meaningful, and appropriate.

However, given both my father's and my love for music, I prepared a song that I'd like to sing for you all:

[Deep breath for dramatic effect…]

...I'm definitely NOT going to sing.

As to spare my family the embarrassment and myself the ridicule, I'll save my singing for the shower.

Instead, I'd like to share just one thing that I've learned from having Bud in my life. Please note that this thing is not one that Bud has deliberately taught me. As I'll confidently assume that all of us here are painfully familiar, both verse and chorus, with the many lessons, stories, and "Bud-isms" that he persistently repeats in every conversation.

Someone who allows themselves to be a corporate executive and car mechanic, general contractor and jazz guitarist, real estate investor and master plumber is someone who not only believes that nothing is beneath them - but, as importantly, isn't scared to aim up. While Bud has assumed many identities throughout his life, I've never seen him consumed by one. Instead, his patternless pursuit of hobbies and endeavors have only ever added color to his life, rather than one of them framing him.

While he and several Hallmark cards have advised me over the years to do the things I'm interested in, proximity to Bud has led me to internalize that exploring an interest is more rewarding than pursuing an identify. Especially, one of the identities that many of us may believe gets bestowed to those who choose to be corporate executives, jazz guitarists, or plumbers.

The question of, "what do you want to do with your life?" Is mostly directed at young people. However, at the ripe old age of 60, it equally applies to Bud. It excites me to know that, for as well as I know my father, I have no idea as to how he will spend his time going forward - and I hope that he doesn't either.

Instead, I truly hope he continues on to explore new interests, seemingly unfit for someone of his accomplishment, both below and beyond.