# Maxims & Quotes

Created: August 17, 2021 11:29 AM
Original Publish Date: April 18, 2009
Tags: Personal, Quotes & Maxims

The most fundamental lessons we learn in life can usually be condensed down into a few sentences; even a few words. Whether they are quotes, maxims, poems or whatever, these nuggets of wisdom can often put glass windows in brick wills. However, just because we can see a truth doesn't mean we can reach it.

### Books

- To control a network in which people connect, is to control anyone who does connect. Topological control is now as important as control of land, sea, or space was ever imagined to be.
- It seems unfathomable, yet language could be out innovated, sense it is no more that a delivery tool for ideas and emotion. May we one day discover a new, human to human, communication tool, that lays waste to the 1000s year old tool of language?
- We are the first class citizens in a topological society. The advantaged group of a new world mesh that is ever more distance from societal norms of an old world order.
- Networks are the 4th dimension, through which we compress both time and space. Our innovations most cherished are those that reduce. Minimizing the distance to an answer or two conscious minds to that of a mere synapse.
- It seems unfathomable, yet language could be out innovated, sense it is no more that a delivery tool for ideas and emotion. May we one day discover a new, human to human, communication tool, that lays waste to the 1000s year old tool of language?
- We are the first class citizens in a topological society. The advantaged group of a new world mesh that is ever more distance from societal norms of an old world order.
- Networks are the 4th dimension, through which we compress both time and space. Our innovations most cherished are those that reduce. Minimizing the distance to an answer or two conscious minds to that of a mere synapse.

### Tibetan Proverb

"Our minds are like muddy water. If we rest and give them time to settle, they will clear." 

### **Nietzsche**

- "How could there be a "common good"! The expression is a self contradiction."

### Winston Churchill

- "You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life."
- "The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter"
- "A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on"

### Frank Sinatra

- "Alcohol may be mans worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy."

### Saint Exupery

- “Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.”

### Sir Moser Claus

- "Education costs money, but then so does ignorance."

### Elliot Carver - James Bond: Tomorrow Never Dies

- "The difference between insanity and genius is measured by success"

### Thomas A. Edison

- "Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work"

### Da Vinci

- **“**Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication"

### Will Rogers

- “Too many people spend money they haven’t earned, to buy things they don’t want, to impress people they don’t like.”

### Tom Robbins

- “Any half-awake materialist well knows – that which you hold holds you.”
- “In life the defining factor is not resources, but resourcefulness”

### Ross Edgley

- "The outcome doesn't matter, it's about the process. One arm after the other."
- "Whenever handling a task, focus on negative visualization. Focus on the worst case scenario until you've accepted it's possibility."
- "Things don't get easier. You get stronger."

### Kathleen Madigan

- “Shoes, shoes, shoes – that’s all you ever hear marathon runners talking about and spending money on these days, shoes. But whenever there is a marathon, who wins? Some guy from Africa who’s never owned a pair of shoes!”

### Groucho Marx

- “I don’t want to belong to any club that will accept me as a member.”

### David Buss

- “Academics are, on average, pussies.”

### Sevan Bicakci

- "There is no such thing as a linear life, as too often do we find ourselves at the beginning of a journey. That we moments prior we had believed deeply we had already embarked."
- "We all have our time machines. Some take us back, they're called memories. Some take us forward, they are called dreams."

### Lady Sibyl Colefax

- "To be a proper modern maximalist, you have to have some things, and not just ones you pick up at a nice shop — they must be pieces you are attached to, despite their oddness or age."
- “In this country, we have rarely done what Americans do,” Konig says. “We don’t call up a decorator and chuck out everything we have, see something on Pinterest and overnight become something new. We keep that wretched thing your grandmother gave you and make it fantastic.”

### SS

- "Some people never try because they are frightened by failure; Ironically, these people are considered failures."
- "If I tell someone I'm lying, does that make me honest?"
- "There is something beautiful about ugly couples"
- "Your enemies are tools for helping you find your own deficiencies"
- "Books will always know more than me, but I will always do more than books."
- "I've been studying my whole life and have tests everyday, yet the important ones are seldom in the classroom."
- "The hardest thing for me to do is nothing at all."
- "The most adventurous people, maybe, simply don't understand how to enjoy the simplest pleasures."
- "A bad memory is the initial step to a clean conscious."
- "Sexuality is only what turns you on."
- "Seeing a new piece of art is like meeting a new person. The first impression dictates the relationship."
- "Virtue, or morality, hold little force in pursuits of effectiveness."
- "Acceptance of praise is one start to presumption"
- "One doesn't have to be a chef to tell someones cooking sucks."
- "GOD is brilliant. If something is enjoyable we must thank him; however, if something bad happens, we're to blame."
- "We can't think of things we don't know."
- "There are no short cuts to health, just one road that you must pace at your will."
- "Good leadership isn't found by avoiding poor leaders."
- "Lack of wealth solves more problems than excess."
- "Failure only leaves you where you once were. Failure to surpass our ego's, though, is why we seldom advance."
- "Tequilas are similar to their creators, they always find a way in."
- "Potential is like a bomb, it only does big things if you use it."
- "It's amazing how alcohol can reveal so much about a person, but hide so much from that person."
- "An unbiased opinion isn't an opinion at all."
- "To live requires more than breath."
- "Avoiding death is repressing life."
- "Let comfort be reserved for the timid and insecure."
- "The hardest decisions to make are your own."
- "Intelligence is subjective to your peer group."
- "An orgasm a day keeps the cheaters away."
- "With enough sex and time, any heart can be mended."
- "Size matter's. Particularly in art."
- "It is foolish to focus on where you'll end up in life. It is wise to engage in getting there."
- "When we feel something we've never felt before, we call it love."
- "Strong opinions come from lack of experience as often as in expertise."
- "Cooking is the science of enjoyable outcomes"
- "If we look past what others have and include what they don't have, we find how fairly the world operates."
- "We can only ever rescue ourselves"
- "Excuses are reasons used defensively"
- "Change does not take time, progress does"
- "We often try to help others to abdicate helping ourselves"
- "Our dreams never expire, we do"
- "Shortcuts do not exist, only efficiency"
- "In macro-scope, all is justifiable"
- "In matters of the heart, follow your gut"
- "A man convinced against his will is of the same opinion still"
- "Appreciation is often mistaken for love"
- "There is no progress in avoidance"
- "All puzzles are man made"
- "Being caught in the wrong is embarrassing, denying it is cowardly"
- "Even the sharpest nails still need a hammer"

---

Every month or so I look through the notes on my cell phone to see what I felt was important to record.  Little snippets of information I found amusing, theme ideas for satires, quotes of worth, and my occasional maxim.  Being twenty-one, I have a hard time taking any of my own ‘wisdom’ seriously.  What struggles has my bag of bones been through that bestows any type of knowledge and lesson? While I look away from the mirror when believing “a few”, every new challenge that confronts me is a reminder of how green my life has been to those I admire.  Despite the utter ignorance that is the byproduct of privilege, here are a couple of maxims I wrote over the past month.

I’m sure other people have thought these same thoughts.  I’d be naive to believe that any thought of mine - which cover the most widely discussed topics in life - were original.  However, whether they have existed or not, I arrived to them on my own – a way of learning I don’t believe is prevalent enough.

---

- “The greatest threat to a person’s intelligence is people who believe they can harness it”
- “No matter the enormity of academic achievements I could reach, I’d only be able to view myself as the most prized livestock on the farm”
- “The greatest battles in life are fought against ourselves”
- “Religion and popularity eat off the same table”
- “People hate using manuals, but few are brave enough to try doing anything without a manual”
- "An unbiased opinion isn't an opinion at all"
- *"I am too young to be happy"*
- “Never let money limit your experiences only to those that money can buy"
- "Novelty is rarely happened upon by reason. It is doing that which is impractical, or unreasonable, that captures wandering eyes."
- "Obedience is too un-rewarding to the obedient. At least for me to aspire for it."
- "Don't hire people who want a job, hire people who want to work."
- "The most un-welcomed reminder of age is ignorance."
- "They were the days of love, carefree and wild, uninhibited nor abashed."
- "Most of us suck at valuing our time."
- "What gets spent on labor is very, very different then labor that gets spent."
- "Every startup, at some point, tries to invent some words instead of using them."
- "No startup needs to invent their own vernacular. They only need to think hard about what they do, how they do it, and why they do it."
- "My life is more than a sequence of attractive photographs."
- "You are a human shot of espresso."
- "Network logic contradicts all that of traditional economics."
- "Many who control an island forget to respect he who controls the ocean."
- "If my 25-year old self told my 13-year old self that he turned down sex because he wasn't feeling up for it, my 13-year old would definitely tell my 16-year old self, who would absolutely kill himself."
- "If someones hands and someone's face tell two different stories, trust the hands"
- "Meaning, is so elusively"
- "What if women ruled the world? Men wouldn't give a shit."
- "I hate how f****** pretty everything is."
- "You don't know me. I don't know you. If that were to change, we'd probably hate each other. So, let's keep things they way they are."
- "We renew our vows at climax. It's eternally naughty, but honest."
- "Always have a felt the weight of regret. Inspiring the over analysis my past."
- "I wish I cared what you thought about this story. If I did, I would have softened the facts. But I don't. So here's something raw."
- "A quick way to tell if a city is a shit hole is if the pigeons are more friendly than the people."
- "Photography is a lot like picking up girls. You take 100 shots and hope one turns out."
- "Give a homeless guy your credit card so you can actually see what he spends money on."
- "The first step to a clean conscience is a bad memory."
- "Since leaving you, the only emotion I haven't felt is regret."
- "Products are fun, but process is how we create meaning."
- "Torture imagined, is rarely inflicted."
- "Alone time isn't rewarding when there's no one to return to."
- "The only once in a life time opportunities are the opportunities in life you pursue once"
- “Usually people say something is the best decision they’ve ever made, when actually… it’s the only decision they’ve ever made.”
- "Waste isn't when you get rid of something, it's when you accumulate it"
- "A great company can have a lousy department."
- "Everyone in the world understands that ice cream shops need a lot of flavors because everyone has a different preference for flavor. However, it deeply unsettles them when confronted with the fact that people have different preferences for happiness and fulfillment as well."
- "I guess whoever I am with, I'll always be alone."
- "Its ugly: how much you care about beauty"
- "The ugliest thing about you is how concerned you are with beauty."
- "If you're not doing something remarkable, there will nothing about you to make a remark."
- "A simple change can change the trajectory of your life."
- "Everyday we're unnoticed."
- "What's the opportunity cost of appearing average? A friendship, job, love?”
- “We are not the highest version of ourselves we can imagine. We're the lowest version of ourselves that we can accept.” ~unknown