# Rimini Trip

Created: August 16, 2021 1:56 PM
Original Publish Date: June 9, 2014
Tags: Coffee, Travel

After quite a rush I made it to Rimini. Meeting up with Joseph at the Fiera, I began shaking hands immediately. No connection seemed to genuine, for everyone appears on edge when around Joseph. However I met the head driver of Spirits and Coffee in Romania a Silvia.

### Coffee & Boutique Specialty Coffee Industry Overview

Boutique specialty coffee is now the budding segment of the greater $300-billion coffee industry. Since its’ inception in 20XX, the average price per kilo of green coffee has grown XX%, reaching and record industry average of $XX in 20XX.

These figures reflect what is both the result of new product innovation and quickly developing customer demand, both of which being trends that are showing no signs of waning. Millions of people worldwide have already transitioned from viewing coffee as a generic commodity product to and more people are their pets to be people, too, and treat them accordingly. Karen McCullough, director of marketing for Winnipeg-based Petland Canada, which operates both company-owned and franchise stores across the country, says, "People are looking for more these days - absolutely. We see a lot now in higher-end products, people are demanding more for their pets, from treats to grooming supplies to brand-name toys and even clothing."

And, because people want the best for their pets, there is also an increasing demand for pet-care services. Across Canada the pet care business has seen an explosion of growth over the last three years.

### Our Position in the Industry

West Vancouver is an affluent area with a high pet density, an ideal market for a pet-sitting business such as Pet Grandma. People in this area not only have pets, but can afford to spend money on them and are willing to do so.

Our market research has shown that 9 out of 10 pet owners polled in West Vancouver would prefer to have their pets cared for in their own homes when they travel rather than be kenneled and 6 out of 10 would consider having a pet sitter provide company for their dog when they were at work.

### The Competition

While there are currently eight businesses offering pet sitting in West Vancouver, only three of these offer on-site pet care and none offers Pet Visit services for working pet owners.

Currently there is no one company dominating the market. This may be because all of the pet-sitting businesses are relatively new; the oldest, Paula's Pet Sitting, has been in business five years. However, half of the existing pet-sitting businesses control the majority of the market; Paula's Pet Sitting, Doggie Care Services Inc., Pet Petters and Pet Sitters on Demand together control 65 percent of the market.

### What Makes Pet Grandma Unique

Pet Grandma's marketing strategy is to emphasize the quality of pet care we provide As our slogan, "A Grandma for your pet!" says, we treat people's pets as family members and strive to give people’s pets the same loving individual care that they would give. We will be emphasizing the quality and personalized service we provide in our marketing.

We will also offer some services that are currently unique, such as our Pet Visit services, where one of our trained staff will go to a person's home while they're at work and feed, exercise and play with their pet, allowing dog owners who work to come home to happy, friendly companions rather than demanding, whiny animals.

The Industry Overview example section ends here. If you are working on writing a business plan in order, the next section of the plan is [the Market Analysis](http://sbinfocanada.about.com/cs/businessplans/a/bizplanmarkanal.htm). See [the Business Plan Outline](http://sbinfocanada.about.com/cs/businessplans/a/bizplanoutline.htm) for a description of all the sections of the business plan.

---

I arrived thinking it was a joke. "The World Barista and Brewers Championships? Really?” To anyone on the outside (like I was just five days ago) it sounds like nothing more than a gathering to celebrate and reaffirm a perverted since of self importance. And that’s because to us, it’s coffee - just coffee.

It’s not "just coffee", I’ve come realize. Besides being what any true subculture is, the world championships are a restless pursuit for perfection. A closely knit community of connoisseurs who are addicted, and have dedicated their lives to innovate new ways in which they can prepare and share a passion. Having both national and regional championship competitions creates an environment that drives those who compete to innovate faster. Not to mention…these events are also really, really fun.

Over ten-thousand baristas and brewers in 57 countries competed to be recognized as national champions - and only the 57 national champions were able to compete in the 2014 Rimini World Championships. These men and women pour thousands - yes, thousands - of hours into preparing their routines. Some even traveling half the globe to hand select and process a specific varietal that they believe will best exemplify the experience they want to create. But after all that preparation and training, just a spec of coffee grounds on the judging counter can be the reason they’re disqualified.

There is immense pressure, but even more pride. As well as a standard of excellence and attention to detail that few aeronautical engineers may even possess. Whether it’s that the competitor chose to use water from a small natural spring in northern Norway because the low mineral content pairs more “softly” with his coffee roast, or to use 7ml instead of 8ml of water it their signature beverage because the room temperature is doing…something, the sensitivity to both product and environment to be witnessed is extraordinary.