# Roar, Roar, ROAR

Created: August 16, 2021 1:56 PM
Original Publish Date: July 18, 2014
Tags: Reflection

It’s difficult to decide whether or not something is important to you. And that is much different from what is or isn’t important. Throughout my life I’ve always had a lingering hatred for my state of being. I’ve never been sure whether it is who I am, was, saw myself as, or what. I just knew that there was a discomfort that propelled me to move somewhere else. My hope is that I moved forward.

There are basics in life that I believe must be taken care of. And as of late I have been failing to do so. Health and sex are fundamental, and neither are things I have been able to grasp. My diet and lifestyle has slipped, and I haven’t been able to get laid since a girl, Maddie, last threw herself at me during graduation week. I’m not sure why. Truly. For as I know I have every raw material said to be desired, but there is something missing.

I’ve thought I was gay. But am fairly certain I’m not. The reason being that I know how I feel when I do have sex. And more so when it’s consistent. My mind does not romp like so. I do not toy with hyperbolic banter on meaning or philosophy. I am just able to breath and act. This is something that I must take care of.

I spoke with Jesse Shimrock today. And my how that little interaction pulled me back to a state of mind I had forgotten. One that bites into life like fruit. An animalistic mindset that makes life seen as a hunt. It may be because I’m in China, but I fucking hate where I am. I’m not comfortable with it. I want to forget about it, and return to where I’m satisfied….

But I’ve never been satisfied, from what I remember. I need to create an experiment. A situation where I have consistent sex, healthy lifestyle, and minimal…. what the fuck am I saying. I just need to stop pussy footing around. I need to stop being a bitch about what I want. Why did you give up on NYC? Why the fuck did you not go after that? You don’t even fucking like coffee. Why are you trying to convince yourself that you do?

You look like an idiot, and feel like when, when trying to explain what is interesting about coffee to people. What do you love though, Sebastian? And how can you apply that to coffee. FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK, May the lion within you forever roar. Let it fucking roar. Don’t fuck around learning the things you have no interest in, and wasting the time you will never get back. Roar roar roar roar roar.

You love experience, you love design, you love doing things that make you roar. Think back to the little white, Sebastian. Think back to a time you conquered. Think of those times you got what you wanted, not those times you took what was given to you. Stop being a fucking bitch about things. Roar roar roar roar roar.

Only pursue that which makes you pulse. Those moments that surge you with adrenaline and explode. Nothing else in life is worth the time…