# Journal Entry

Created: May 27, 2014 2:40 PM
Original Publish Date: May 27, 2014
Tags: Coffee, Memory

**Morning Meeting:**

Seth’s brother, Brian, was the producer for both American Gladiators and American Idol. He dates a young black girl who used to work at Starbucks, and they are trying to put together a reality TV show having to do with coffee.

He called himself an artist, but I felt that was a stretch… Never did he come across as an artist, but instead a fairly classless show producer. Whether he believes his own bullshit or not on the value of a reality TV show to the Ninety Plus Brand or not I’m fairly uncertain - however, it was clear that he had no interest in sharing ownership of the show with Joe or the others present.

It was interesting to see first hand though that such shows as American Idol were, as he said, conceived in such innocent settings as the one our meeting was held in. And then going into his timeline of what it takes to organize a show, as well as the “Sizzle Reel” - a show trailer.

**Afternoon with Joe:**

Joe and I are focusing on our focus for the next 4 to 6 weeks. And in doing so we decide that it would be best to get me up to date on on the company is structured and such. Below are the objectives he charted out, in order of priority, and the notes I took on them.

1) Business Plan Pivot

NPH

Funding/Partners

2) Ninety Plus Gesha Estates

Management Program

- Standard operating procedures

3) Distribution

4) Level Up

- Commodity brand coffee producer

- They do not grow coffee, but source coffee cherry and then increase value through proprietary processes

- $1 spread on net margin achieved

- At the moment the Level Up coffee is being contracted out to Ethiopian farms for processing

- Compromises proprietary integrity

- Sold in bulk (minimum order of 3000kg), and lowest price sold in full container shipment at 18,000kg

- Shipped in coffee sacks with Level Up and distributor name on bag

- **Sells GREEN COFFEE, and its still Green after processing**

- Sell to roasting houses

5) Retail

- An experimental retail store to test the waters of what Ninety Plus can be as a retail concept

6) HQ Move to Miami

**Other Notes:**

- Green coffee is good for 12 months