# Why I left SadaPay

Created: August 16, 2021 1:56 PM
Original Publish Date: July 21, 2019
Tags: Career, Reflection

1. I want to be very careful how I approach this, as our friendship means the world to me
2. After taking a few days to reflect on our trip, I've realized that in gaining a lot more clarity on the "opportunity" I became a lot less comfortable with the reality.
3. I, unfortunately, do not feel comfortable staking the next 5 to 10 years of my financial well being solely on SadaPay.
    1. The execution of it is extremely improbable due to the environment of Pakistani.
    2. Even if we get all that right, it's very hard for me to imagine us getting our money out of the country.
4. When I look at the lifestyle aspect, I'd be foolish to think that it's afforded by SadaPay when really it's your past success.
5. Simply put, I don't think I'm the right person to execute this with you, based on where I'm at in my own life.
6. That said, I know that you truly believe in SadaPay. The only thing I want for you is to succeed, and I want to do everything I can to help you succeed - though I have to put my own responsibilities first.
7. This is what I think we should do
    1. Extend my vesting terms so that there is no chance I'd vest.
    2. Cut my salary and tell people I'm the same as you, doing this on sweat equity.
    3. If you need me to hop on calls, handle emails, or discuss anything with you, I'm here.
    4. Keep up the appearance that I'm still onboard so that nothing currently in motion gets unsettled.
    5. Let's start looking for someone who can fill the responsibilities I was planned to assume.
8. Realistically, I can't imagine things at SadaPay to start moving at any point in the next 9-months. That's too long for me to be idle.
9. I think that, now more than ever, I'd create more value for myself, my friends, and my family we're I to take a job that has a more actionable road to success. And that way set myself up for the next chapter and more avant-garde opportunities.
10. I mean it when I say it that I want this to work for you. Hopefully, in a few years time I'm wishing I had a larger sack as your signing aquisition term sheets. However, I've come to believe that it's your earlier successes that gave you the financial platform to explore to a place like Bali and work on something like SadaPay. And that's something that, now, I need to make the top priority for myself.

Okay, here it goes.

1. The number one thing that was my deciding factor had to do with the uncertainty around liquidity in an inherently corrupt judicial system. In the US, we take for granted that the value you create - while adhering to fair market rules - is the value you can expect to sell and pull out. In Pakistan, and many other countries, it just isn't the same. Even think of the situation with the name SadaPay and the lawyer trying to tag us. Without knowing you well, the SECP leader was willing to block the registration with paperwork. That was in our favor, how easily could it have been the other way around? If we were to create real value in PK, a politician, military leader, or influencial business man, has unprecedented leverage over us (even those on "our team"). Again, being outsiders, and me not having a financial base to fall back on, this was my deciding factor.
2. Looking at the timeline realistically, I came to believe we're looking at another 6 to 9 months to potentially get the license. I could be totally wrong, but that that's the impression I got. Between pushing for the concessions, us not having submitted the application, the SPBs current pressure on making cloud regulations, and the speed they move at. For me personally, that's a long time to not be focusing on the things I really am good at and am valuable for. While it could be a good learning experience for me to deal more directly with regulators, it's not something that I believed I'd enjoy focusing on.
3. I was extremely un-impressed with the Pakistani's, and anticipated myself going crazy relying on them for progress. I understand that some people could get a kick out of it - like some people enjoy dealing with Italians, from a cultural standpoint. I however, am not so patient. And I felt that I'd have a very difficult time not getting totally fed up, and having that affect my work and those around me.
4. This is a really hard one to say, but as always I'll be honest with you. We don't know what we're really doing from an industry standpoint. We have some high level assumptions, and expect the local "experts" to come in and fill in the gaps. The local experts we met didn't give me the impression that they were critical enough of thinkers to be experts themselves. The more we talked to them, the more confusing I felt implementations were becoming. If we were to be coming in with industry experience that we could rely on as a North star and then deviate to meet the regional quirks, I'd have felt a lot more confident. However, neither you or I do - and Pakistan doesn't strike me as the best place to experiment.
5. Purely for my situation, right now I'm based in the US. Between Val's immigration and my lease, it would only be self indulgent for me to relocate to Bali for the sake of lifestyle. This means that I'd be working alone and remotely for the foreseeable future. After the last few years on Rampex, I believe that some structure and comradery is important to reintroduce into my life. I respect emmensly your ability to work and be productive as you do, and I'd like to push myself to learn some of those traits. That said, in light of the past few years, I felt like I'd be best served doing something more stable that will give me a stronger foundation (or at the very least recharge me to get fed up with routine and step back up to bat in the future).

These are somewhat high level concerns. Each one could be an essay, so I'll spare us both. If you want to dive deeper into any, always love our chats. However, know that at the end of the day this was much more of a personal decision than dismissal of the project. I believe you're working on something real. If it's executed to your vision, the impact would be tremendous. Anyway I can help you get there, I'll try my best. I just have to put other life priorities first.