# Why do I want to work for Amazon?
- I look at my own life, personal and professional, and see the depth to which Amazon positively elevates it (AWS for professional, Amazon for craft/shopping/hobby, Whole Foods for eating, Kindle/Audible for education). And in no way am I alone. The level of positive impact Amazon has on my life, and those around me, I find remarkable. And it’s an organization I’d love to dedicate my passion, brain-power, and drive to.

- I look at life as continuous education and learning. Every day, I want to get better, smarter, and stronger. So much of that is putting yourself in environments that are challenging, dynamic, and filled with other smart people. I’ve met many people who tell me Amazon is a competitive environment; while they might have said that from a negative, I look at it as a positive. Especially when considering that Amazon hires the best, which from this interview process alone, I believe to be true. That’s the type of environment I want to work, grow, and thrive in.

- Frankly, I’m really by, and also just the right amount nervous, by the scale of projects that I’d be able to contribute to and lead at Amazon. I’m extremely proud of the work I and the teams I’ve led have done at the startups I’ve work for. That said, the beneficiaries of that work has always been on smaller audiences. I’m super eager to take the technical and management skills I’ve developed to the next level, and can’t imagine a more formidable company to do so with than Amazon.