# RampEX

Ramped VR

*Developing soft skills, virtually*

*“For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them.”*

It takes five minutes to teach someone to swing a golf club. Should a good coach be present, those first few swings may even be half decent. Yet any golfer knows that a great golf swing cannot just be taught. Yes, instruction is important. However ***practice*** is everything.

$70.6 billion was spent during 2015 in the US on sales training. That’s an impressive number, yet it only boils down to an average of $702 per learner. For established businesses, that isn’t a large expenditure. As well as for medium and small size companies, that training expense is not crippling. However how effective are the solutions they are purchasing? And are those solutions secretly costing them much, much more than a price tag?

The effectiveness of training can be judged company to company by one simple criteria. How long is the expected ramp period? Maybe your business is only spending $702 per employee on training, but are you also allocating 6-mix months of salary and company resources to that employee before expecting them to return the investment? Even for top performers, how long does it take once they are ramped to repay the principal? Lets just ignore the additional expense of new hire turnover for now.

While sales training is a healthy industry and able to steer customer’s budgets, the customer’s expenditure is dwarfed by an subsequent incurred loss. That loss is ramp. It costs businesses $100’s of billions of dollars every year in cash and in many instances forces them to shut doors from unrealized revenue.

What’s unique about ramp is that it isn’t helped by sales methodologies. Sandler, Challenger Method, SPIN, MEDDIC, Valueselling Framework, are all sales methodologies. Frameworks that help salespeople initiate and navigate sales lifecycles to close business. Methodologies are what suck up the bulk of sales training budgets, yet they are unable to deliver what is the greatest bottleneck to minimizing ramp; practice.

Whatever the sales methodology of a business, giving new hires the opportunity to practice selling is what either holds them back or propels them forward. Sitting in on client meetings, conducting pitches, shadowing top performers, and doing so as often as possible. As great a priority as this is, it is surprisingly neglected. It’s simply difficult and risky for the company.

When revenue is on the line, who wants the new guy conducting a meeting? Does your top performer like being bothered coordinating training schedules? How does the client feel about one, two, or three new faces at each meeting? Who within the company can afford to sit watching a new hire pitch an empty room to critique and provide feedback?

Ramped VR has chosen to leverage cutting edge technologies to address the issue of ramp. Using virtual reality and natural language processing, we’re able to create customized salesroom simulations while analyzing user's speech. Our customers enjoy the ability of having their new hires perform these simulations dozens of times within their first weeks of employment, quickly earning them a level of confidence that may have taken years, and allowing them to walk into their first pitch in half the time, feeling as though it’s their 100th.

https://trainingmag.com/trgmag-article/2o15-training-industry-report

[Applications](RampEX%200782a02ffe1c4ecb9dd8012801367a53/Applications%20fd91f95bdeef4912bbaf91dc4b1c66a9.md)

[Updates](RampEX%200782a02ffe1c4ecb9dd8012801367a53/Updates%207b1cefcaf3124762a0ec6162739218be.md)