# Consumer crisis

My wallet slipped out last week and picked up a $175 pair of what are essentially sweat pants. A $220 pair of sunglasses came soon after - because don’t you hate when you’re all cozy and stylish on the couch but blinded by the sun? My confidants at both stores told me that the [THING] had a lot of character. I know you can’t buy love, but who ever said a little depth wasn’t for sale?

These spontaneous shopping sprees happen only so often for me. And when they do, I know that there is always some self-loathing bubbling under the surface I’m trying to settle with presents to thy self. I’m the hypocrite that jokes of the guy in the Lamborghini having a small prick while convinced the girl in his passenger seat would want me if I only had Frye boots.

Don’t look up Frye boots. If you couldn’t recognize them, that's kind of the point.

Every so often I meet a unicorn that really enjoys life and all they consume. Goddamn are they charming. However most of us are miserably empty and trying to fill the void with clothes that don’t fit, accessories we don't understand, food we don’t like, and trips we'd rather not take. All because some product marketer middleman-ed our inner shrink.

It feels good to have nice stuff, go cool places, and try new things. It’s hard to recognize whether we're using it all as a crutch. Actually it’s not hard at all. You know exactly why you’re putting your time, money, and energy into the things that you do. What’s hard is admitting it.

The joys of materialism and another's company are lost on those who loathe their own.