# CURIOUS

Company Name:8baseCompany url, if any:https://www.8base.comIf you have a demo, what’s the url? For non-software, demo can be a video:(Please don’t password protect it; Just use an obscure url.)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVQSN4Lu4ogDescribe your company in 50 characters on less.Everything, except a frontend, in one API endpoint.What is your company going to make?We’ve made an incredibly powerful Backend-as-a-Service that’s reduces the complexity in building go-to-market applications – like SaaS products – to a single API endpoint.50-80% of the code developers write doesn’t directly support business-specific use cases; it goes into non-unique systems and infrastructure management. 8base abstracts that 80% into an API-first developer acceleration platform with powerful development tools and integrations that support go-to-market applications.Where do you live now, and where would the company be based after YC?(List as City A, Country A / City B, Country B.)I live in Miami, USA. The company is currently headquartered in Miami and has an engineering office in Saint Petersburg, Russia. We are open to relocation to the San Francisco Bay Area after YC.Email address of the founder who is filling out this application:albert@8base.comPhone number(s):786-200-0840: What convinced you to apply to Y Combinator? Did someone encourage you to apply?Rob Theis, general partner of World Innovation Lab got me very excited about YC. Ryan Merket, who is one of our investors, also strongly advocated that I apply on behalf of 8base. Additionally, Andrew Parker (Papa, YC S18) and a number of other YC grads have spoken very highly of the program.That said, what convinced me to apply was the YC network in which I see so many YC alum and professional investors heavily engaged. While I've personally played an instrumental role in advancing South Florida's tech community, as well as developed an extensive network from it, I'm humbled by that which YC shares with their accepted applicants. I believe that 8base can benefit tremendously from participating in YC.How did you hear about Y Combinator?I have known about YC since it began in 2005. I don’t remember exactly how I first heard about it.