# IDEA

Company Name:8baseCompany url, if any:https://www.8base.comIf you have a demo, what’s the url? For non-software, demo can be a video:(Please don’t password protect it; Just use an obscure url.)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVQSN4Lu4ogDescribe your company in 50 characters on less.Everything, except a frontend, in one API endpoint.What is your company going to make?We’ve made an incredibly powerful Backend-as-a-Service that’s reduces the complexity in building go-to-market applications – like SaaS products – to a single API endpoint.50-80% of the code developers write doesn’t directly support business-specific use cases; it goes into non-unique systems and infrastructure management. 8base abstracts that 80% into an API-first developer acceleration platform with powerful development tools and integrations that support go-to-market applications.Where do you live now, and where would the company be based after YC?(List as City A, Country A / City B, Country B.)I live in Miami, USA. The company is currently headquartered in Miami and has an engineering office in Saint Petersburg, Russia. We are open to relocation to the San Francisco Bay Area after YC.Email address of the founder who is filling out this application:albert@8base.comPhone number(s):786-200-0840: Why did you pick this to work on? Do you have domain expertise in this area? How do you know people need what you’re making?As a founder of several venture-backed companies that successfully launched SaaS products, the development process always felt too fractured, variable, and expensive.Think of all the people that need help. There's unprecedented startup activity and countless companies racing to launch digital products. Hundreds-of-thousands of backend-related support topics are posted across forums and developer positions unfulfilled online. There's a tremendous need for software developers; yet, a shortage of ones experienced at building production-ready applications.I see the 8base concept as a holistic solution. It mitigates a common developer skill-gap and reduces the need for highly-specialized, and frustratingly scarce talent.8base falls into the low-code development platforms market. Although this category isn’t new, no low-code company has provided the tooling required by production SaaS apps; with developer experience in mind. The low-code market is expected to grow from $6 billion in 2019 to nearly $27 billion by 2022. Given the nuanced nature of software across varied domains, this isn’t a winner-takes-all opportunity.What’s new about what you’re making? What substitutes do people resort to because it doesn’t exist yet (or they don’t know about it)?What’s new about 8base is that we’re assembling the infrastructure, core systems, and integrations/services required by go-to-market applications into a single, instantly available API.Our end goal is simple; click “Create Workspace” and have everything ready but a frontend. People that don’t know about 8base resort to:Setting up and managing their own infrastructure using an IaaS provider like AWS, GCP, and BlueMix.Using a PaaS like Heroku, DigitalOcean, and App Engine that hosts/runs server-side applications.Using a BaaS provider like Firebase and AppSync.Designing and developing core systems themselves, like authentication, authorization, and file uploads/storage/retrieval.Establishing CI/CD pipelines and QA teams.(If not using GraphQL) Managing 100’s of REST endpoints to support different client applications.Hiring specialized talent and management to ensure the desired outcome of bullets 1-6.Who are your competitors, and who might become competitors? Who do you fear most?Our competition includes incumbents and startups that enable application development - from infrastructure only to fully-fledged BaaS - and most of all the popular frameworks loved by developers.When it comes to 8base, we see our biggest competitor being a developer's old habits; everyone knows, old habits die hard! Once a developer acquires skills, and continues to advance them, it’s increasingly difficult to convince them not to utilize said skills and forfeit aspects of control. This makes developers incredibly committed to the services they're most familiar with.Google Firebase and AWS AppSynch are the leading BaaS products. We fear Firebase and AppSync the most given the sheer scale of their parent companies, similar messaging, and ability to price very low. We're determined to focus on delivering the most fantastic developer experience, highly differentiated features, and approachable platform; much like how Vue has come to prominence at the same time as React.Lastly, it is feasible that a flexible frontend tool company like Webflow will become interested in backend tooling and develop a competing service.What do you understand about your business that other companies in it just don’t get?What we get is the magnitude to which developer experience matters.Other companies going after our market don’t seem to holistically understand developer experience. They think that it merely encompasses a clean UI and friendly support staff. "As long as it works" is too often the leading design principle for developer tools.8base distills services into the most understandable, approachable, and easily configured components available; drastically expediting learning curves and the time it takes a developer to accomplish something they care about.How do or will you make money?(We realize you can’t know precisely, but give your best estimate)We earn revenue from monthly subscriptions, platform usage, and optional professional services.Our professional service opportunities give us enough revenue to cover operating expenses. However, growing platform adaption is our focus and the real opportunity where a $100-million+ monthly portfolio will get built.Developers select a monthly plan for based on access to features and caps on quotas (e.g., # of API calls per month, # of table rows, etc.) - billing being per workspace. We have customers paying across every plan offered.How will you get users? If your idea is the type that faces a chicken-and-egg problem in the sense that it won't be attractive to users till it has a lot of users (e.g. a marketplace, a dating site, an ad network), how will you overcome that?Our user acquisition strategy is bottoms-up and tailored to participating in developer communities through engaging content, support, and dev evangelism.Developers are hyper-focused on inherent utility. If a product is usable, works as advertised, and relevant to their work, adoption is quick and incredibly organic. 8base encourages developers to work in teams, which we have found to be a norm. From that we see and intentionally nurture developer referrals and user-led evangelism.In some cases, companies come on board when an employee advocates for 8base after using it on a personal project.