# OTHERS

Company Name:8baseCompany url, if any:https://www.8base.comIf you have a demo, what’s the url? For non-software, demo can be a video:(Please don’t password protect it; Just use an obscure url.)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVQSN4Lu4ogDescribe your company in 50 characters on less.Everything, except a frontend, in one API endpoint.What is your company going to make?We’ve made an incredibly powerful Backend-as-a-Service that’s reduces the complexity in building go-to-market applications – like SaaS products – to a single API endpoint.50-80% of the code developers write doesn’t directly support business-specific use cases; it goes into non-unique systems and infrastructure management. 8base abstracts that 80% into an API-first developer acceleration platform with powerful development tools and integrations that support go-to-market applications.Where do you live now, and where would the company be based after YC?(List as City A, Country A / City B, Country B.)I live in Miami, USA. The company is currently headquartered in Miami and has an engineering office in Saint Petersburg, Russia. We are open to relocation to the San Francisco Bay Area after YC.Email address of the founder who is filling out this application:albert@8base.comPhone number(s):786-200-0840: If you had any other ideas you considered applying with, please list them. One may be something we've been waiting for. Often when we fund people it's to do something they list here and not in the main application.An API-first core-banking system to re-platform traditional banks and provide the necessary infrastructure for fintech companies popping up in emerging markets.Banks still spend ~14% of their revenue on IT. Newer systems - like Mambu - exclude typical startups with their pricing and sales process. The most accessible financial services software is probably Fineract, which is open source yet written in Java, poorly documented and challenging to use.A system that facilitates the learning of financial products and dramatically increases implementation velocity would be a tremendously disruptive force - both in established markets and more so in ones now pursuing financial inclusion.Please tell us something surprising or amusing that one of you has discovered.(The answer need not be related to your project.)Life on earth is roughly bound by 100 years, more or less. However, Sequoias and other tree species live thousands of years. I researched this and learned that there's a clonal colony of Quaking Aspen trees in Colorado that shares a common root system - It's estimated to be 80,000 years old. Each tree stem lives about 100 years. However, the root system persists and continually gives life to new trees; each with identical DNA.My thinking in the area of software platforms is highly influenced by this example in nature. I think of individual applications as the stems and the underlying platform as the root system. An application to support a marketing campaign, for instance, may only need to live for 6 months, with a new one taking its place, enabled by the platform. This is an agile capability every modern business needs.And, I’m lucky that this beautiful image comes to mind pretty often.