# Letter to FCC

Kimberly and Javier

Over the past several weeks, I've been gathering and reviewing documents concerning the renovations underway at Bay Vista Condominium (BVC). Your-selves (Kimberly and Javier) and Szabi have contacted me individually to share different perspectives and backgrounds on the current situation. Several unit owners have contacted me, expressing concerns with the process, communication, and experience overall.

I'm consolidating my opinions in the following bullets. Attached to this email are all documents I reviewed to at these conclusions.

- Florida Choice Contractors (FCC) signed a contract (attachment - BAY VISTA SIGNED PROPOSAL) that obligates them to deliver the work items defined in the original bid sheet (SIGNED PROPOSAL - EXHIBIT C BID SHEET) to the extent to which the quantities for each item are defined.
- FCC committed to completing their work by December 2021 (EXHIBIT C - Pt. 3 - TIME FOR COMPLETION) and are late on delivery. The association is currently owed $11,000+ in liquidated damages by FCC. This sum continues to grow at $50/day.
- Roughly $40,000 in submitted change orders describe work **implicit or implied** in the work items of the bid sheet (SIGNED PROPOSAL - EXHIBIT C BID SHEET). For example, Bid Sheet item #8 describes 120 linear feet of Window Sill Repair. For window sill repair work to be completed, it is implied that the window must be removed, the opening protected, and then a window (new or prior) reinstalled. Change log items that should not have been approved, as they were implicit in the original scope of work, including change order numbers #2, #3, #5, #8, #9, #11, #12, and #14.
- The $788,716.13 bid sheet (attachment BAY VISTA SRI BID SHEET VS ACG BID SHEET) produced by ACG and FCC is not a part of our contract. It has no bearing on the current efforts or project scope.
- Going forward, change orders exceeding $5,000 need to be voted on and approved by the HOA, per the condo docs (XIX RIGHT OF ASSOCIATION TO ALTER AND IMPROVE PROPERTY AND ASSESSMENT THEREFOR). Neither the President nor the Board of Directors, in their sole discretion, have the authority to approve change orders nor mandate assessment to fund them. These decisions must be communicated to the unit owners and voted on per the rules specified in our condo docs. Additionally, I’d like to see any change orders exceeding $1,000 be communicated to all unit owners **before approval/disapproval.**
- Going forward, we need more detail and specificity regarding change orders and how they relate back to the original and agreed-upon scope of work. For example, Bid Sheet item #8 describes 120 linear feet of Window Sill Repair. If a change order is being made because we’ve exceeded the original 120 linear feet of this work, we need evidence that quantity 1) has been delivered and 2) will be exceeded.
- Going forward, updates to AIA Draw Form need to be accompanied by evidence and documentation of the work completed to justify the payment request. For example, Bid Sheet item #8 describes 120 linear feet of Window Sill Repair at $90/ft. If $2,700 is being requested in item #8 of the draw form – representing 30 liner feet of Window Sill Repair was completed), we need both verification of the work having been completed, as well as such progress documented against the total quantity originally (120 linear feet) agreed to.

Nothing is documented nor change orders pending that suggests FCC is "blocked" per the original work they agreed to deliver at a price (s) they set. If there are quantities they originally agreed to on each line item to be delivered that has been exceeded, we need documentation detailing as much. However, that is extremely doubtful at this point, being that completion of the first of four faces (East face) of our building is yet completed.

Further supporting notes and documentation can be found below my email signature.

Sebastian Scholl

Unit owner of #504

- Having an Engineer of Record (EoR) that was hand picked by FCC presents to much risk for a conflict of interest. After reviewing the EoRs billed hours, it seems reasonable to believe that the Engineer (Janet) has been taking advantage of that relationship, spending more hours on our job site consecutive days in a row than even do the supervisors of FCC. The association should move to secure an independent 3rd party engineer that doesn't have a pre-existing relationship with FCC and the association can count on in being an independent 3rd party counsel, whose activity we will monitor more closely.
- and should be discarded. It's not part of the contract that FCC committed nor the association approved. If a "re-sizing" of the work is required or needed, the association can choose to identify and hire an independent 3rd party EoR that doesn't have a pre-existing relationship with FCC. However, going forward, we must require all change orders to be tied directly back to the quantities that were exceeded or work not identified/implied by line items in the original STI bid. For example, if the original bid form declared up to 4" deep concrete repair on balconies and the work eventually required 6", that constites a valid change order. Meanwhile, if the bid form declared up to 4" deep concrete repair on balconies and change order is submitted for bringing power up to the work area, that does not constitute a valid change order as the requested "change" was implicit in what's required to complete the original scope of work.